So late
How am I supposed to go with a guy?
Is it because of me
You are arguing
Leave me alone.
Go and apologize to him
If someone else sees it
Mrs. Du is with another man
Your reputation
You have a good rest
I go to the guest room
You ignore
I know you still care about gentle words
Will avoid suspicion for him
But he doesn't care about the face of the family
Don't mention your mother-in-law and daughter-in-law contact again
You rest early
Ono
I said what are you thinking about?
As long as you are willing to be hospitalized for treatment
I will find you the best doctor
You don't have to worry about the cost of treatment.
You've helped me so much.
Caution and father's side
There are still things that have not been resolved. Come to me.
Forget it, I won't force you anymore.
You can rest here tonight
Let's talk tomorrow
Thanks.
Luhan is going in with another man, oh yeah